this time too
I tried to create a balance of dial-in Lego
Toka this light guy saw this in other Nde Chau later
And this is a part of the forbidden part
That kind of dark us diet that Rino Jinoda does is coming
Good thing
This place is kun
If you're in
I'm sorry
According to the unreasonable
It will break the terrorism part
This cake
Sune hand is here
I have a house
When it is between black and light blue
Painted to open Toka
There is to say 9 I Hatto
Take
jet
Twee
The
Dangerous he bought such a manner parts
Continued mini
To hear
A little
yeah Ueno en part is I've started 1 package of this type
I said around
I use 1 x 8 parts
This was also the reservoir in white with Lego
Sadly
Well this
Marui tend to connect this stick, and there is a nail between them in this book
Checkrick's
Is Toka I forgot to drink but confined softening something so say the gold of wood flow thing
In between b
伺
Is Canaan
Hanging here in Kurono castle-cho
I don't open it
but
here
What in frozen of
When it is between light blue and black, this previous lock is the first time from here
This is Thank you for me to see old was fate that coat Lil
May I request because Lego's also began to make the request Chiba-chan
But that
It is good to use gear etc. and to make in a single house
In addition
I am 6
Here's the end